Rework proposal for the first chapters by VDA and VDMA. (#524)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

  [7.9 Implementation of the visualization message](#79-implementation-of-the-visualization-message)<br>
  [7.10 Implementation of the factsheet message](#710-implementation-of-the-factsheet-message)<br>

# 1 Foreword

> The specification for this interface has been jointly developed by the Verband der Automobilindustrie e.V. (VDA) and the VDMA e.V. (Mechanical Engineering Industry Association). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specification for this interface has been jointly developed by the Verband der Automobilindustrie e. V. (VDA) and the VDMA e. V. (Mechanical Engineering Industry Association). 
```
Add missing spaces to be formally correct ;)

Further applicable standards include ISO 9787:2013-05, which defines coordinate systems and motion nomenclature for robots and robotic devices, ensuring consistent terminology and geometric alignment across automation technologies. ISO 3691-4:2023-12 specifies safety requirements and verification procedures for industrial trucks, particularly driverless trucks and their associated systems, providing guidance for safe integration in industrial environments.
Additionally, the Layout Interchange Format (LIF), published in March 2024, defines a standardized data format for exchanging track layout information between integrators of driverless transport mobile robots and third party fleet control systems. This format enables efficient and unambiguous communication of navigation-relevant spatial data across different vendor ecosystems.

> The recommendation uses a semantic versioning schema. Major version changes (x.0.0) typically involve breaking changes, such as the introduction of new non optional fields. Minor version changes (3.x.0) generally introduce new features, for example the addition of an optional parameter for visualization. Patch version changes (3.0.x), on the other hand, usually address smaller corrections, such as fixing typographical errors in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommendation uses a semantic versioning schema. Major version changes (x.0.0) typically involve breaking changes, such as the introduction of new non optional fields. Minor version changes (3.x.0) generally introduce new features, for example the addition of an optional parameter for visualization. Patch version changes (3.0.x) usually address smaller corrections, such as fixing typographical errors in the documentation.
```

- to enable the coordinated operation of heterogeneous mobile robot fleets from different manufacturers within a shared physical environment.
- to provide a generic and domain independent set of interface definitions applicable to mobile robots with varying navigation principles, physical dimensions, load handling or manipulation capabilities, and autonomy levels.

This document further establishes a conceptual foundation for coordinated multi robot systems. It outlines the required interaction logic and describes the expected behavior of mobile robots when participating in fleet level coordination and traffic related processes. Its use remains entirely voluntary and does not impose any binding obligations.

Exclusions
This voluntary specification does not address the following topics:
- Safety Requirements: This document does not define functional, operational, or system safety requirements and shall not be regarded or applied as a safety standard.
- Traffic Management Logic: Strategies, algorithms, or decision making processes for traffic coordination (e.g., routing, prioritization, congestion handling, or deadlock resolution) are not included.

> - Other Communication Interfaces: Interfaces unrelated to the communication between a fleet control system and mobile robots—such as interfaces to peripheral equipment, infrastructure components, or external IT systems—are excluded from the scope.

Author: ```suggestion
- Other Communication Interfaces: Interfaces unrelated to the communication between a fleet control system and mobile robots are excluded from the scope (e.g., interfaces to peripheral equipment, infrastructure components, or external IT systems).
```

- Project Coordination and Implementation Procedures: Project management activities, integration methodologies, commissioning workflows, validation and acceptance procedures, and similar organizational processes are not covered.
- Operational Responsibilities: This document does not allocate responsibilities among operators, system integrators, vehicle manufacturers, or fleet control providers with respect to planning, operation, maintenance, or safety.
- Cybersecurity Measures: Mechanisms, technologies, or processes for secure communication or data protection are not specified.

# 2. Definitions
For the purposes of this document, the following terms and definitions apply.

## 2.1 Mobile Robots

> A driverless systems for material transport primarily in operational settings, controlled by automation independently of their level of autonomy [Source ISO 3691-4]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A driverless systems for material transport primarily in operational settings, controlled by automation independently of their level of autonomy [Source ISO 3691-4].
```

> A driverless systems for material transport primarily in operational settings, controlled by automation independently of their level of autonomy [Source ISO 3691-4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.1 Mobile Robot
A driverless system for material transport primarily in operational settings, controlled by automation independently of their level of autonomy [Source ISO 3691-4]
```

## 2.2 Driverless Transport System
Consists of at least one Mobile Robot and a higher-level system controller, which can be integrated in the mobile robot or located externally. 

## 2.3 Moving
state in which a mobile robot or any of its components undergoes a change in spatial position or orientation, including movement of wheels, load handling devices, or the robot body.

## 2.4 Driving
Operating state in which the mobile robot has a non zero translational and/or rotational velocity.

## 2.5 Automatic driving
Driving state in which the mobile robot operates without human intervention.

## 2.6 Manual driving
Driving state in which the mobile robot operates under direct human control.

> # 3 General

Reviewer: Why was this renamed to "general" and 3.1 is now "Transport Protocol"? 
3.2 - 3.4 are valid subchapters of "Transport protocol" and should then be moved to 3.1.1 - 3.1.3.
However, nothing else would remain in "3 General".

| *minimumDesiredChargingLevel* | float64 | Specifies the minimum desired charging level in percent. |
| *minimumChargingTime* | uint32 | Specifies the desired minimum charging time in seconds. |
| &emsp;} | | |

> # Appendix

Author: ```suggestion
# Bibliography
```

> Referenced standards and documents:

Author: ```suggestion
```
